Snolf: Tournament Edition Todo
(Tournament Edition is a long-ways-off, possibly-final Snolf iteration that has way, way, way more polish than this hack would ever need. Maybe even custom level designs, who knows.)
    ☐ Rewrite Snolf impl, cleaner. Use separate ASM files where possible. Usual suspects for overriding controls.
    ☐ Utilise a mapper for storing additional snolf Stuff.
    ☐ Add unique gfx for Shot Meter. Use Sonic Palette for safety. Load when show meter - slow, but guarantees position in sprite table. May scrunch boss sprites, so be careful. Max 4x assets..?
        ☐ H-Bar Tiled Asset
        ☐ H-Bar Pip
        ☐ V-Bar Tiled Asset
        ☐ V-Bar Pip
        (Could make H-Bar and V-Bar background tiled assets have diagonal stripe pattern for use between both..?)
    ☐ Add unique sounds for Shots?
        ☐ FM SFX for selection and firing
        ☐ PCM SFX for "Nice on!", cheering crowd on max-power shot. Polite clapping on stage end.
    ☐ Max-power shot has sparkles.
    ☐ Add shot-type select. Normal Shot, Topspin Shot (dropdash, basically), Bouncer Shot (chaos, chaos)
    ☐ Add shot-type code, likely using a bitflag or status int
    ☐ Add v-first shot mode. Maybe controls like A: Shot Type, B: H-Shot, C: V-Shot. 
    ☐ Add "meters" display when flying. Somehow summon & render debug font..? 
    ☐ Nicer teleport effect; spawn sparkles/stars, make snolf invis, insta-move cam?
    ☐ Par for each act of each zone. Diff the par at the end of an act.
    ☐ Remove old tally screen - add current running total, show score screen (like a normal golf scoresheet)
    ☐ Completely redo title screen? Mmmmaybe..!
    ☐ Change 2p mode to turn-based hotseat. Up to 4 players, store off all their positions & shot counts somewhere. Display on tally screen at end of level. Include level/act select. Alt palettes for each player?
    ☐ Replace signpost & egg capsule with Golf Hole. Feasability of this might be tough; would have to do some visual jank to get snolf to disappear """down""" the hole.
    ☐ SFX for golf hole (golf hole noise.)
    ☐ Reject from golf hole if moving too fast >:)
